# Planetary Defense Force HQ - Titan // 7.20.5014u

The Squad arrived at PDF HQ - a large facility on **SATURN'S** moon, **TITAN**. Here they were greeted by **LOR-ROK** and introduced to one another. They decided their unit would be known as **C.O.C.K - Cosmic Ordnance Committee Killers**, led by **LOR-ROK**

**LOR-ROK** led you around the Mech Workshop within the facility, and helped each of you to design a template for your LL0 **GMS EVEREST** Mechs. He then showed you his own mech - an **IPS-N Drake** - which he calls "The Dome".

After designign your mechs, an alarm began to blare across the facility. **LOR-ROK** tapped a device on his arm, stopping the alert and bringing up a hologram display of a distress call on **ZARBUL IV** - a small planet within **THE KARAKOAM-LINE**. An NHP voice indicated that they had been having issues near one of their Mech Workshops and required assistance. **LOR-ROK** introduced you to **C.O.C.K's** last member, an NHP named **PHOEBE**.

# C.O.C.K Spaceship - Cerro Bonete Blink Gate // 7.20.5014u

A few hours later, the squad were waiting in queue to blink to **ZARBUL IV**. Meanwhile, **LOR-ROK** showed you around the ship and allowed you to prepare from the wide array of supplies on offer.

After an hour or two of waiting in queue, you finally arrived at the **BROAD PEAK BLINK GATE**. From here you landed on **ZARBUL IV** and printed your Mechs before heading North to where reports of Mech disappearances had been originating from.

# Zarbul IV // 7.20.5014u

Your squad encountered a group of Mech Pilots underneath a cliff edge, in the ruins of a town. The town was surrounded by tall, red banners.

You were caught off-guard and questioned by the Mech Pilots, and were then shot at - causing a skirmish that resulted in their defeat.

Afterwards, you gathered around the center of the town square and began to rest. **LOR-ROK** was surprised that a group this pathetic could have been solely responsible for taking down all of the mechs scattered around the outskirts of the town.

Suddenly, however, he was caught by surprsie as a massie tentacle lashed out of a barricade at the back of the town and wrapped around his Mech's frame. He was dragged violently along the ground and into a cave.

A few moments later, a giant tentacled monstrsity ermeged and lashed its tentacles towards the rest of your squad. It's glowing red eyes scanned you carefully.

After a tough fight, you took down this raging beast - but it's desperate pounding and slamming against the cave wall caused the ground and cliff to become unstable, resulting in a major collapse - requiring immediate evacuation.

**PHOEBE** alerted you that no life-signs could be detected, and that the structural integrity of the area around the cave was at risk of collapsing further.

Upon returning to the ship, she let you know about **LOR-ROK'S** contingecny plan, and its requirement of a new leader for **C.O.C.K**. **Microwave** was assigned this honour by the other members of **C.O.C.K**.

**PHOEBE** discussed the events on **ZARBUL IV** with you all, before letting you know of **LOR-ROK's** own recent investigations into these creatures.

The squad agreed to undertake the investigation into the mysterious appearances of biological horrors. **PHOEBE'S** current intel pointed to a black-market bio-engineer who had been sighted in a lower borough of **MESTO**.