# C.O.C.K Spaceship // 7.28.5016u

**PHOEBE** brought up the Planetary Map of **MESTO** for you and informed you that the black-market bio-engineer, **SYLAS MORGAN** had been spotted on multiple nights that week, in the companionship of a number of ...interesting... companions in a booth at **THE RAZORBACK'S CROWN**, a private, unlisted bar that accomodates all manner of shady business.

**MOTHMAN** took the time during space travel to found a new sub-organization - **C.U.M - CRIMINAL UNERWORLD MEN**. **DIRTY BIRD** joined as a Demolitions Expert

# Mesto - Lower Levels // 7.29.5016u

You arrived at one of **MESTO'S** Upper Level ship hangars, before taking a turbo-lift down to Lower-Level-D4. Here you began to search for **THE RAZORBACK'S CROWN**.

After asking a strange for help, you were guided "five rows" down, where you entered a bar called **THE RAZORBLADE INN** before realising you had ended up in the wrong bar.

During this time you encountered **MAX RIZZ**, who signed on to join **C.U.M** as a Silver Tongue.

Further exploring, and interpretation of bright neon signs, led you to your destination.

The bar was loud and bright, with people dancing in a sea between booths - with a central podium. You each got a drink at the bar first, and then scouted the place out.

**MICROWAVE** took a position atop the podium, looking for any obvious sign of **SYLAS MORGAN**.

**BANNISTER** took a position at the edge of the crowd, near a louder booth at the back - spotting a green haired individual matching the description of **SYLAS MORGAN**.

**MOTHMAN** spoke to some shady dancers, convincing one **JAMES GUN** to join **C.U.M** as an Arms Dealer.

You approached the booth at the back, where you found **SYLAS MORGAN** amidst the company of several scantily clad women. After some less than friendly exchanges, he sent his companions and **DIRTY BIRD** over to the bar whilst speaking to those of you who remained.

He revealed:
- He had no direct involvement in the recent bio-monstrosity appearances.
- 8 months ago he had worked as part of a team involved in biotech experiments on oceanic lifeforms.
- He is Wanted for selling illegal cybernetic enhancements.

You came to an agreement that if you delivered him to his ship and off **MESTO**, he would reveal more information.

