# Mesto - Core Level // 7.29.5016u

After informing you that his ship was docked at an illegal Core-Level ship hanger, you followed **SYLAS MORGAN** down further into **MESTO**. You felt you were being watched.

The immediate temperature rise was felt by all members, and you noticed your comm-link also lost all signal down here.

**SYLAS** led you first to a Mech workshop, where you printed your new Mechs after assigning a License Level. He suggested you suit up in case of any complications.

As you began to lead **SYLAS** to his ship, several Mechs rushed out bearing insignia's of the **M.E.A**, and demanded you "hand over **SYLAS MORGAN** to them immediately".

After a lengthy battle against several members of the **MESTO ENFORCEMENT AGENCY**, you manage to get **SYLAS** to his ship, and escape - despite the destruction of **BANNISTER'S** Mech.

Once safely onboard, **SYLAS** informs you that all five of you are now publicly wanted by the **M.E.A** and likely can not return to **MESTO** any time soon.

**SYLAS** reveals, rather vaguely and srangely, the rest of the details of his previous employment. He tells you about **SOPHIA** and the Dolphin, Orca, and Cephalopod experiments, as well as the ominous other workers.

He suggests you head to **KRATO**, where a contact of his - **THE BUILDER** - should be, in hopes of setting up a base of operations. The journey will take a couple of hours, so he tells you to explore his ship.

**SYLAS'** ship is ginormous, and contains a multitude of gear and facilities including a Mech Hanger, Docking Bay, and several large Gear Storage Containers.